Add 1.10.1 entry to CHANGELOG.md (#86)
funkemunky/AntiVPN: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.1.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [1.10.1] - 2026-04-28

> ### Fixed
> - Kick errors on Bukkit-based platforms by forcing `BukkitPlayer#kickPlayer` to always run on the main thread using `BukkitRunnable`
> - Async kick error that caused issues during player removal
> - Startup bug caused by a packaging issue
> 
> ### Changed
> - Players can now be whitelisted even while offline (on non-cracked servers)
> 
> ### Added
> - Regression test to prevent kick-related async errors from recurring
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [1.10.1] - 2026-04-28

### Fixed
- Async kick error that caused issues during player removal when running commands.
- Startup error caused by a packaging issue is now corrected.

### Changed
- Players can now be whitelisted even while offline (on non-cracked servers)

### Added

```
